// Excerpted and adapted from NJSPLASH.wad

splash Blood
{
	smallclass		BloodSplash
	smallclip		10
	smallsound		world/sludgegloopsmall

	baseclass		BloodSplash
	chunkclass		BloodSplash
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	NoAlert
}

splash Acid
{
	smallclass		AcidSplash
	smallclip		6
	smallsound		world/lavasizzlesmall

	baseclass		SludgeSplash
	chunkclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	NoAlert
}

splash LavaRed
{
	smallclass		BloodSplash
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/lavasizzlesmall

	baseclass		BloodSplash
	chunkclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	NoAlert
}

splash Sizzle
{
	smallclass		LavaSmoke
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/lavsiz2

	baseclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavsiz2
	NoAlert
}

splash Mud
{
	smallclass		SlimeSplash
	smallclip		6
	smallsound		world/sludgegloopsmall

	baseclass		SlimeSplash
	chunkclass		SlimeChunk
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	NoAlert
}

//Terrains

terrain LavaRed
{
	splash			LavaRed
	footclip		4
	liquid
}

terrain Sizzle
{
	splash			Sizzle
	footclip		0
	liquid
}

terrain Blood
{
	splash			Blood
	footclip		10
	liquid
}

terrain Acid
{
	splash			Acid
	footclip		10
	liquid
}

terrain Mud
{
	splash			Mud
	footclip		10
	liquid
}

// The flats!
floor FLTAAWA1 Acid
floor FLTAAWA2 Acid
floor FLTAAWA3 Acid
floor FLTMUD1  Mud
floor FLTMUD2  Mud
floor FLTMUD3  Mud
floor SCBLOOD1 Blood
floor SCBLOOD2 Blood
floor SCBLOOD3 Blood
floor SCBLOOD4 Blood
floor SCBLOOD5 Blood
floor SCBLOOD6 Blood
floor WREDLIQ Blood
floor WLLBLOD1 Blood
floor WLLBLOD2 Blood
floor WLLBLOD3 Blood
floor SCLAVAA1 LavaRed
floor SCLAVAA2 LavaRed
floor SCLAVAA3 LavaRed
floor SCLAVAB1 LavaRed
floor SCLAVAB2 LavaRed
floor SCLAVAB3 LavaRed
floor WLAVA01 Lava
floor SCLAVAC1 Lava
floor SCLAVAC2 Lava
floor SCLAVAC3 Lava
floor SCLAVAD1 Sizzle
floor SCLAVAD2 Sizzle
floor SCLAVAC3 Sizzle
floor SCSLIME1 Acid
floor SCSLIME2 Acid
floor SCSLIME3 Acid
floor WLLATFL1 Acid
floor WLLATFL2 Acid
floor WLLATFL3 Acid
floor SCSLUDG1 Mud
floor SCSLUDG2 Mud
floor SCSLUDG3 Mud
floor SCSLUDG4 Mud
floor SCSLUDG5 Mud
floor SCSLUDG6 Mud
floor WLLSLIM1 Mud
floor WLLSLIM2 Mud
floor WLLSLIM3 Mud
floor SCWATER1 Water
floor SCWATER2 Water
floor SCWATER3 Water
floor WWATER01 Water
floor WDWATR01 Water
floor WSLIME01 Acid
floor WSLIME02 Mud
floor WSLIME03 Sludge
floor FLTMUD1 Sludge
floor FLTMUD2 Sludge
floor FLTMUD3 Sludge
floor FLTAAWA1 Acid
floor FLTAAWA2 Acid
floor FLTAAWA3 Acid
floor FLATHUA1 Acid
floor FLATHUA2 Acid
floor FLATHUA3 Acid
floor WSLIMH Mud
floor WINDIGO sizzle

//////////////////
// FLOOR SOUNDS //
//////////////////

splash carpet
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/carpet
	NoAlert
}

splash dirt
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/dirt
	NoAlert
}

splash gravel
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/gravel
	NoAlert
}

splash metal
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/metal
	NoAlert
}

splash metal2
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/met2
	NoAlert
}

splash rock
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/rock
	NoAlert
}


splash slimy
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/slimy
	NoAlert
}


splash snow
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/snow
	NoAlert
}

splash hard
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/hard
	NoAlert
}

splash tile
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/tile
	NoAlert
}

splash tile2
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/tile2
	NoAlert
}

splash wood
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/wood
	NoAlert
}


splash electric
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/elec1
	NoAlert
}

//Terrains

//Hard terrains

terrain carpet
{
	splash			carpet
	footclip		0
	//liquid
}

terrain dirt
{
	splash			dirt
	footclip		0
	//liquid
}

terrain gravel
{
	splash			gravel
	footclip		0
	//liquid
}

terrain metal
{
	splash			metal
	footclip		0
	//liquid
}

terrain metal2
{
	splash			metal2
	footclip		0
	//liquid
}

terrain rock
{
	splash			rock
	footclip		0
	//liquid
}

terrain snow
{
	splash			snow
	footclip		0
	//liquid
}

terrain slimy
{
	splash			slimy
	footclip		0
	//liquid
}

terrain hard
{
	splash			hard
	footclip		0
	//liquid
}

terrain tile
{
	splash			tile
	footclip		0
	//liquid
}

terrain tile2
{
	splash			tile2
	footclip		0
	//liquid
}

terrain wood
{
	splash			wood
	footclip		0
	//liquid
	
}

terrain electric
{
	splash			electric
	footclip		0
	//liquid
}

// Which flat does what
floor WODTR201 wood
floor WODMET01 wood
floor WODTR202 wood
floor WODTR203 wood
floor WODTR204 wood
floor WODTR207 wood
floor WODTR208 wood
floor WODTR209 wood
floor WOODESS2 wood
floor WOODESS3 wood
floor WOODESSL wood
floor WOODF01 wood
floor WOODSL01 wood
floor WOODSL02 wood
floor WOODSL03 wood
floor WOODSL04 wood
floor WOODSL05 wood
floor WOODSL06 wood
floor WOODSL07 wood
floor WOODSL08 wood
floor WOODSL09 wood
floor WOODSL10 wood
floor WOODSL11 wood
floor WOODSL12 wood
floor WOODSL13 wood
floor WOODSL14 wood
floor WOODSL15 wood
floor WOODSL16 wood
floor WOODSL19 wood
floor WOODSLIM wood
floor WOODTR01 wood
floor WOODTR02 wood
floor WOODTR03 wood
floor WOODTR04 wood
floor WOODTR05 wood
floor WOODTR06 wood
floor WOODTR07 wood
floor WOODTR08 wood
floor WOODTR10 wood
floor WOODWLH wood
floor CRATE2 wood
floor CRATE3 wood
floor CRATE514 wood
floor CRATE515 wood
floor CRATE811 wood
floor CRATE812 wood
floor CTYSTU87 wood
floor DACH002 wood
floor CTYSTUC7 wood
floor CTYSTUC8 wood
floor DOORW03 wood
floor DOORW03M wood
floor FLAT508B wood
floor FLAT508C wood
floor FLAT508D wood
floor FLAT508E wood
floor FLOOR10B wood
floor FLOOR192 wood
floor FLOOR193 wood
floor FLOOR194 wood
floor SCWOOD01 wood
floor SCWOOD02 wood
floor SCWOOD03 wood
floor SCWOOD04 wood
floor SCWOOD05 wood
floor SCWOOD06 wood
floor SCWOOD07 wood
floor SCWOOD08 wood
floor SCWOOD09 wood
floor SCWOOD10 wood
floor SCWOODT1 wood
floor SCWOODT2 wood